I Need Your Help! Which Glasses Should I Get!?
Published on June 20, 2006.
That’s right, it’s almost time for my once every two years eye checkup.
And plus I get to buy new glasses frames!
Usually this process takes me forever to decide.
Before, I had gone with rectangly square glasses.
Last time, I moved up to semi-rimless (on the top) glasses.
This year, I’m not sure.
I was thinking of getting totally rimless glasses, so that it doesn’t look like I’m wearing glasses at all!
But thick black frame glasses are kinda cool, and make you look like a hipster.
But that might be a bad thing!
So here’s the deal, I used this weird online try on glasses thingamajig, and got screencaps.
It worked fairly well, and you can sorta get the idea of how glasses will look on my head once worn.
So help me decide!
Here’s the categories:
Emo
Yeah, they’re kinda not trendy and kinda lame now.
Or are they?
Here’s a bunch of the cool thick framed glasses that the guy from Weezer likes to wear:
Round
Round glasses generally look bad on my face.
Incidentally, there are John Lennon glasses that are made by… John Lennon!
He has his own glasses company!
Crazy! These types of glasses generally make me look like Asian Harry Potter.
Which is bad.
Square
Square glasses look fairly okay on my head, because my head is rectangly.
Or something like that.
Here’s some fully framed square glasses.
Semi-Rimless: Top
These are the kind I have right now.
There’s a rim on top, and no rim on bottom.
Personally, I think it still kinda looks weird.
Semi-Rimless: Bottom
Typically, the only people who can pull off the bottom-rimmed glasses are to be found in anime.
But hey, they were there so I tried a few on my e-face.
Totally Rimless
I was thinking of getting these kind.
They make you look like you’re almost not wearing glasses at all!
But then what’s the point?
I dunno. But they seem cool to me.
Bad Glasses
Okay, so this isn’t a voting choice, but I thought I’d highlight some of the really bad looking frames that I found.
These are mostly aviators and ladies’ looking glasses.
I told ‘em I was a guy!
Here’s a picture of me without glasses, just in case you want to vote for that choice (not there’s a chance in hell that I’ll get contacts!).
Anyway, the deadline is pretty soon (like tomorrow is my appointment) so vote early!
If there’s a particular set of frames you find alluring, let me know in the comments section!
And if you didn’t already realize it, you can click on the thumbnails to see a full sized version.